by the end of the 20th century brazilian jiu-jitsu have spread over much of the world , in particular north america , europe and japan .
america attract student from all over the world , but send a limit number abroad -- only about 60,000 accord to the chancellor of harvard .
the price in air pollution : fossil fuel burn vehicle have become the main source of air pollution in many large city around the world .
but that be when taipei property price be soar , and any apartment of 30 ping over 5 year old would cost at least four or five million nt .
although the price be not cheap ( around nt $ 1500 ) , they have already become favorite stress reliever for taiwanese student and office worker .
moreover , at that time microsoft be also take off , and share price be rise steadily . the sale of his share become the greatest source of his retirement save .
in the past we place most importance on the american market , which be the opposite to the japanese market in want large quantity , the quality of which do not matter if it be a bit imperfect so long a the price be cheap .
then there be the fact that the japanese thing be not bad and that import be never a good , so the price should be a bit lower .
this help to stabilize price , but also anger the people .
does high technology mean high pollution ? pollution control in the semiconductor industry
it be no exaggeration to say that nanotechnology be the biggest thing for taiwan since the development of the semiconductor industry , and i sincerely hope that it can be as successful as semiconductor .
cleaning up the air it be not only water pollution problem which have be make wave recently ; semiconductor maker have also be build special piping to collect the waste gas that be create during semiconductor production .
the whole project have provide train in the area of electronics , mechanical engineer , optic , software and hardware , and many of the field involve - such a image analysis , software design and instrument manufacture - have industrial application .
once that be assure , we can work on catch up with the advance nation in the area of software and market .
but even in taipei we have only install hardware . software and service still need to be develop .
the technology use by a computer to play go be a form of artificial intelligence , which involve enable computer to think and make decision like people .
taiwan have long be a center of personal computer manufacture , but the degree of information technology in use here be still not particularly high .
since last july , computer have be use to index information for higher efficiency .
